Investigate and resolve the following error occurring in Console:

Error Type:
Console UnrecognizedActionError

Error Message:
Server Action "002bec17e947bbaf5d2813169416855c2eeab00775" was not found on the server. Refer: https: nextjs.org/docs/messages/failed-to-find-server-action

Environment:
Next.js version 16.0.5 (using Webpack)

Fix Requirements:

Locate the missing Server Action and ensure:

The action is defined inside a Server Component file (.tsx) or inside app/ with "use server" directive at top of the function.

The file exporting the action is not accidentally converted into a Client Component with "use client" present.

The action function is directly exported and not wrapped inside another function or condition.

Ensure that development build vs production build is not causing mismatch in Server Action IDs.

Check the following common causes and fix them:

Remove accidental dynamic imports or runtime bundling issues that break server action registration.

Ensure the server action export is not renamed or moved without updating imports.

If refactoring occurred, restart dev server and clear .next/ to rebuild action IDs:

rm -rf .next
npm run dev


Verify React hooks or event handlers are calling the server action only within supported scope (form actions or startTransition).

Update code to match best practices:

Use proper Server Action declaration format:

"use server";
export async function myAction(data: FormData) {
  // logic
}


Ensure client interaction forms reference the correct exported action.

After applying fixes, test end-to-end:

Submit form or trigger action and confirm no missing server action error.

Check production build:

npm run build
npm start


Focus areas:

Eliminate hydration mismatch or client-server boundary confusion.

Maintain clean separation of Server and Client components.

Review recent code changes related to server actions or form submissions.

Goal:
Resolve the server action registration and make sure action IDs are compiled and accessible in server runtime.